so that's okay alright I'll
announce his arrival at the tribune
that everything
it's approaching the counter for a
clan assembly 8 rubles
the clan of thunder lacks warrior
we never had
two novices to train so we have to
welcome a stranger to make one
hunter I found a cat that has
accepted to become an apprentice of our
tribe accept it would be rather a
privilege
after meeting this young recruit
carnot lyon and white tornado estimate
them too that we should admit it
among us look at his collar he comes
of bipedal domestic cats a
day domestic cat always it's a
true warrior we need not a
left useless fed lucile or more
a flower of skin they are all
you have to show them that all
young people could crucify by train
this necklace is the mark of his
masters
his jackpot will prevent him from chasing the
bipeds will run after his bell
in the entire forest you will see between
this smack step planters our enemies do not
risk not to miss the roll plan
of course it was dirty people are not
not found yet by
you know how to surprise his opponent I
admit it to everyone but why not
return you passed the pickets
he
it's time to give a good lesson
at
okay
no
and